README.md, before:

# Project 2 - *New York Times Article Search*

**New York Times Article Search** is an android app that allows a user to search for images on web using simple filters. The app utilizes [New York Times Search API](http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/read/article_search_api_v2).

Time spent: **9** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

* [x] User can **search for news article** by specifying a query and launching a search. Search displays a grid of image results from the New York Times Search API.
* [x] User can click on "settings" which allows selection of **advanced search options** to filter results (Use an icon and the title is "Search Filter")
* [x] User can configure advanced search filters such as:
  * [x] Begin Date (using a date picker)
  * [x] News desk values (Arts, Fashion & Style, Sports)
  * [x] Sort order (oldest or newest)
* [x] Subsequent searches have any filters applied to the search results
* [x] User can tap on any image in results to see the full text of article **full-screen**
* [x] User can **scroll down to see more articles**. The maximum number of articles is limited by the API search.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

* [x] Implements robust error handling, [check if internet is available](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Sending-and-Managing-Network-Requests#checking-for-network-connectivity), handle error cases, network failures
* [x] Used the **ActionBar SearchView** or custom layout as the query box instead of an EditText
* [ ] User can **share an article link** to their friends or email it to themselves
* [x] Replaced Filter Settings Activity with a lightweight modal overlay
* [ ] Improved the user interface and experiment with image assets and/or styling and coloring

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

* [x] Use the [RecyclerView](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Using-the-RecyclerView) with the `StaggeredGridLayoutManager` to display improve the grid of image results
* [ ] For different news articles that only have text or only have images, use [Heterogenous Layouts](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Heterogenous-Layouts-inside-RecyclerView) with RecyclerView
* [x] Apply the popular [Butterknife annotation library](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Reducing-View-Boilerplate-with-Butterknife) to reduce view boilerplate.
* [x] Leverage the popular [GSON library](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Using-Android-Async-Http-Client#decoding-with-gson-library) to streamline the parsing of JSON data.
* [x] Replace Picasso with [Glide](http://inthecheesefactory.com/blog/get-to-know-glide-recommended-by-google/en) for more efficient image rendering.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!
  * Add ProgressBar to show animation when searching articles.
  * Add ProgressBar to show progress when loading individal articles in the WebView
  * Persistence of query entered and filters using Shared Preferences.
  * Collapse the SearchView upon the search button is pressed.
  * Use a button to pick a date. The button shows the date picked. (Not sure if
    it is extra, since there is no easy way to fulfill the requirement of using
    DatePicker without a button, and the button should naturaly show the picked
    date anyway)
  * "Reset" button for clearing filters.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## Open-source libraries used

- [Android Async HTTP](https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http) - Simple asynchronous HTTP requests with JSON parsing
- [Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/) - Image loading and caching library for Android

## License

    Copyright [2016] [Heung Tai]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Fix my fix of EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener
loading should be set to false when disabling the load more. Otherwise,
it will still be stuck at "loading" state and onLoadMore will never get
triggered.

README.md, after:

# Project 2 - *New York Times Article Search*

**New York Times Article Search** is an android app that allows a user to search for images on web using simple filters. The app utilizes [New York Times Search API](http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/read/article_search_api_v2).

Time spent: **9** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

* [x] User can **search for news article** by specifying a query and launching a search. Search displays a grid of image results from the New York Times Search API.
* [x] User can click on "settings" which allows selection of **advanced search options** to filter results (Use an icon and the title is "Search Filter")
* [x] User can configure advanced search filters such as:
  * [x] Begin Date (using a date picker)
  * [x] News desk values (Arts, Fashion & Style, Sports)
  * [x] Sort order (oldest or newest)
* [x] Subsequent searches have any filters applied to the search results
* [x] User can tap on any image in results to see the full text of article **full-screen**
* [x] User can **scroll down to see more articles**. The maximum number of articles is limited by the API search.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

* [x] Implements robust error handling, [check if internet is available](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Sending-and-Managing-Network-Requests#checking-for-network-connectivity), handle error cases, network failures
* [x] Used the **ActionBar SearchView** or custom layout as the query box instead of an EditText
* [ ] User can **share an article link** to their friends or email it to themselves
* [x] Replaced Filter Settings Activity with a lightweight modal overlay
* [ ] Improved the user interface and experiment with image assets and/or styling and coloring

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

* [x] Use the [RecyclerView](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Using-the-RecyclerView) with the `StaggeredGridLayoutManager` to display improve the grid of image results
* [ ] For different news articles that only have text or only have images, use [Heterogenous Layouts](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Heterogenous-Layouts-inside-RecyclerView) with RecyclerView
* [x] Apply the popular [Butterknife annotation library](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Reducing-View-Boilerplate-with-Butterknife) to reduce view boilerplate.
* [x] Leverage the popular [GSON library](http://guides.codepath.com/android/Using-Android-Async-Http-Client#decoding-with-gson-library) to streamline the parsing of JSON data.
* [x] Replace Picasso with [Glide](http://inthecheesefactory.com/blog/get-to-know-glide-recommended-by-google/en) for more efficient image rendering.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!
  * Add ProgressBar to show animation when searching articles.
  * Add ProgressBar to show progress when loading individal articles in the WebView
  * Persistence of query entered and filters using Shared Preferences.
  * Collapse the SearchView upon the search button is pressed.
  * Use a button to pick a date. The button shows the date picked. (Not sure if
    it is extra, since there is no easy way to fulfill the requirement of using
    DatePicker without a button, and the button should naturaly show the picked
    date anyway)
  * "Reset" button for clearing filters.
  * Fix the issue of EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener does not load more items
    if the network is interrupted or an API call has an error because it is
    stuck at "loading" state.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## Open-source libraries used

- [Android Async HTTP](https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http) - Simple asynchronous HTTP requests with JSON parsing
- [Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/) - Image loading and caching library for Android

## License

    Copyright [2016] [Heung Tai]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
